[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Of all the mysteries
that our human race faces,
the largest and most unknown
is the mystery of where we came
from.
Did we spring up out of
evolution to become who we are?
Even Francis Crick,
co-discoverer of the DNA code,
came to realize that life
is far too complicated
to have begun here on Earth.
He resorted to a theory
called panspermia,
which says that there
are life packets floating
through the universe.
And when these
packets of DNA fall
onto a planet that has
water, they erupt into life.
But as we learn more about
ourselves and our past,
the more it becomes
apparent that there
are other unseen forces at work
in the evolution of our species
and in our history.
>> You see, according to many
old myths, some religions too,
the so-called gods created
humans according to their own
image, which is easy to
understand in our days.
Some unknown millions
of years ago,
someone infected a
sector of our Milky Way
with DNA, which
spread out like dust.
The biggest part will disappear.
Because it will come into
the gravity of a sun.
It will burn.
Or it reaches a planet which
has no condition for life,
like our Jupiter, for
example, or our Mercury.
Much too hot there.
A small part of DNA
will land on a planet
which has similar
conditions than the one who
started with it.
And now, life begins.
I learned as a student that it
all started on our own planet,
you know, the atoms
formed together
molecules,
macro-molecules, et cetera.
In the meantime, modern science
say, no, the information
of life has come from outside.
So we have this problem.
Where did it started?
No one has an answer.
We cannot say on which
part a circle started.
The circle is closed by itself.
So these ETs who started
to spread out life,
they knew in advance on which
planets in their Milky Way
there would be an evolution.
Later, they come,
really, with spaceship.
As expected, they found
a planet full of life.
Among them were our--
well, so-say parents, the
apes, the chimpanzees,
all these gorilla types.
It's our evolution type.
They took simply one example of
it out, and one simple shell.
You change the DNA code,
the basic code in the cell.
You put this back into
a liquid nutrition.
The cell multiplies and grows.
The product, you put into
the womb of the female
of the same species.
This female will give
birth to the child.
>> In the land we call Iraq,
a civilization was born.
About 5,000 BC, the land of
Sumeria began flourishing.
It is here that we had the
beginnings of agriculture,
writing, temple building.
As more has become
known about Sumeria,
we discover that the
Sumerian people were ruled
by a race called the Anunnaki.
Who were the Anunnaki?
And what was really
going on in Sumeria?
>> Well, the Sumerians were one
of the first cultures of modern
humanity.
They arose, some people think,
maybe as early as around 5500
BC.
But their culture really came
about in a significant way
closer to 3000, 3500 BC.
In some ways, they were
the founding civilization
of Mesopotamia, Mesopotamia
being that entire region
along the Tigris and
Euphrates rivers,
which later included
Babylonia, Assyria, some
of these other civilizations
that are very famous.
But the Sumerians seem to
be the start of all of that.
And that's generally where
they're placed in history.
>> In Old Sumeria, there is
the so-called Kings List.
The Kings List is
chiselled on stone.
The stone is today in the
British Museum in London.
And on this Kings List,
you read that the 10
kings before the
Great Flood, they
ruled together over 400,000.
Then on the King List, they
say, and then the flood
came and destroyed everything.
And after the destruction,
other kings from heaven
descended again.
They named 23 kings
after the Great Flood.
And these 23 kings
together, they again
ruled over roughly 25,000 years.
These figures are
absolutely impossible.
We don't understand it.
>> Yet if we're talking about
an ET society, of course,
there's a very good chance
that the ETs have much longer
lifespans compared to humans
the way humans have much longer
lifespans than many other forms
of life here on Earth is just
a very strong variance between
different life forms as to how
long they live.
>> Those numbers in the Sumerian
texts have actually many layers
of information.
They may be referring to periods
that these ancient priest
kings lived for and ruled for.
Some of them ruled for, like,
50,000 years or 60,000 years.
Absolutely, I don't
have a problem with it.
But if you look at those
numbers, 144,000 years,
and 128,000 years,
432,000 years,
you start seeing sacred geometry
numbers encoded in those.
And that's what we've been
missing for a long time.
Anunnaki, or the
Anunna Gods, as they
were known in the Sumerian
times, and from the Sumerian
texts, and the
clay tablets, were
beings from another planet came
to Earth in search for gold,
apparently.
That's what seems to be the main
thread of the Anunnaki story.
So whatever perception people
may have of the Anunnaki
or the Anunna Gods is a
broad perspective, I believe.
Different people have
different views on it.
They clearly played a very
important role in the situation
we seem to find ourselves in
today on this world of ours.
They had a very big role to
play in cloning activities
on this planet, different
animals, different species,
including our human race, which
seems to be one of the projects
they undertook here,
to clone a new species.
>> The most authentic of the
creation stories that we have
specifically say that that's
exactly what human beings were
bio-engineered to do, to be
slaves for the ET society.
They were designed to
get agriculture going.
And they were designed
then to build structures
for the use of the gods.
Zecharia Sitchin takes
it a step further.
He looks on to maybe
they were intended
to do gold mining also.
So, yes, you can say that if
you take those myths seriously--
and I use the "myth"
word cautiously.
Because some of
these stories that we
find in ancient Mesopotamia
have been acknowledged
by archaeology, for example,
the fact that agriculture did
start in that very region.
The Gobekli Tepe seems to be
our first shrine, which started
where agriculture started.
So we can maybe take
some of that seriously.
But they said that that's why
humans were design-- what they
were designed to do was
to be the slave race
to get those things built
and to get all that going.
>> And the Anunna Gods, also
referred to by Zulu shaman,
Credo Mutwa, and other shamans,
African shamans that are
the custodians of
ancient knowledge,
that talk about
the under Anunnaki,
and the gods that came
down from the sky,
and created the people, created
humanity in southern Africa
to be the slaves in the gold
mines that the Anunnaki started
in their quest for gold.
Well, it's not
about one gold mine.
It's about thousands
of gold mines,
actually, probably
hundreds of thousands
of gold mines that
lie scattered.
And the evidence
of these gold mines
lies scattered today
throughout southern Africa,
South Africa, Botswana,
Zimbabwe, parts of Mozambique.
And it goes even further north
of Zimbabwe across the Zambezi
into Zambia.
And many ancient tunnels
have been discovered
across the last 200 years or
so by explorers, accident--
most of the time,
accidentally, by the way,
not because they
were looking for it.
And also ancient tunnels
discovered by modern mining
companies that they cover up.
There are actually files.
AngloAmerican has a file.
And this was
volunteered information
to me by the chief
geologists of AngloAmerican
over a beer in a
pub, and said to me,
oh, they have a file
in the head office
where they keep all the
information about ancient mines
that they discover.
And their instructions
are, when you
come across an ancient mine,
just cover it up, and move on.
We don't want to get stuck in
that red bureaucratic red tape
to declaring it ancient sites,
and protected, and all that.
So they just-- it's
possible that AngloAmerican
and other mining
companies have destroyed
thousands of ancient
mines, tunnels,
and evidence of this
ancient civilization
that were mining gold.
Gold, slavery, and the feathered
tool, the winged serpent,
often can be, I guess,
paralleled by saying the sky
gods, or the winged serpents
are sky gods who came down
to create humanity, to
give humanity knowledge
and information, and also to
enslave them and bamboozle them
with BS.
Because, quite frankly, I don't
believe that their intentions
were pure.
Their intentions were certainly
not honorable and in the best
interests of the human race.
So I believe that a lot of the
information we get from the sky
gods was maliciously
planted information
that would cause a slave
species and a species
with amnesia that don't know who
they are, where they come, from
and why we're here, and keep
searching for our origins,
only to discover that we are
not where we think we are.
And that in itself becomes
a very important discussion
that people have been
having for decades now,
that leads to our sovereignty
our consciousness,
our physical form, connected
to our spiritual form,
and so forth.
>> Yeah, when you look at
the old Mesopotamian stories,
and you see how the
old temples were used,
they were built for the gods.
The first temples
of Mesopotamia were
built as, essentially, meet
and greet places for the gods.
They were tall.
Only a select few could go up.
And what historians and
archaeologist readily
acknowledge was their purpose
was for the human elite
to go up there, and wait for the
gods to come down from the sky,
and meet them on the
temple on the top.
Some of the ziggurats
even had a platform.
And there's a theory
that one of the uses
may have been as a landing
pad for some of of the craft.
So yeah, that
structure, I think,
is definitely how all this
temple building started.
It was just, hey, we need
a place to meet the gods.
It needs to be safe.
And it needs to be high enough
where they can come down
and people can't attack them.
Because, when you look at
the old Mesopotamian stories,
a lot of humans did
not like the gods.
They felt they were maltreated.
And there was a
real risk to them
of being attacked
by unhappy humans.
And that might be
the whole reason
why they're still, today,
apparently taking a back seat
and trying to stay disguised.
Because if they really
came out in the open,
and people figured out, maybe,
what they've been up to,
people might get
pretty mad at them.
That's one theory.
>> The quest for
gold is, in essence,
not the human
obsession with gold.
We humans, and our
obsession for gold,
is actually what we
inherited from the Anunnaki.
The fact that humans
are obsessed with gold
makes absolutely
no sense, and why
we would have discovered
gold in ancient times,
and it became such a
prized, valuable item.
That's all nonsense and
BS by historians who
don't know enough or have not--
don't have enough information
to string together
a proper creative thought
process or a thought process
that actually makes any sense.
So the gold obsession, we
inherited, as the human, race
from an Anunnaki.
And the gold never
belonged to the humans.
Remember, when the
conquistadors and those
thugs from Europe that invaded
the free world started invading
it some 500 years ago
in the late 1400s,
and they started finding all
these ancient civilizations
around the world in the
Americas, Africa, Asia,
all had huge, vast
quantities of gold.
And they kept saying
to the Europeans,
the gold doesn't belong to us.
The gold belongs to the gods.
So clearly, they knew the
ancient, native people
of the world knew that the gods
were here looking for the gold
and mining the gold.
>> When you look at the
ancient Egyptian gods,
they were so similar to
the Mesopotamian gods.
You find all of this
carryover and duplication.
I look at it as sort
of a management system,
that they just had a
management system over Earth.
Some were assigned to
lead the Egyptians.
lead the Mesopotamia.
And then that broke
up, and so forth.
So it's always
been the same gods.
The ETs today are the
same reptoid little grays.
You find the little
grays depicted
in 3000 BC in Mesopotamia.
The reptoid types also
depicted already back in 4000,
5000 BC, and even
insectoids, surprisingly,
you find rock art
here in this country
where you see what looks like
the mantis type even being
reported over here in
connection with imagery
that is suggestive of UFOs.
>> Our obsession with gold today
is just really an extension
of that quest for gold by a
species that doesn't know why
we we're digging the gold,
and turning it into jewelry,
and some technology.
But the majority of the gold
that we mine in the world
is not accounted for.
It's not sitting in vaults.
It's just-- it's
nowhere to be found.
Keep in mind that when the gold,
especially in South Africa--
I'm not sure how it
works in other countries.
But in South Africa, when the
gold leaves the gold mine,
there is no way for anyone to
trace it or account for it.
That's it.
It's gone.
We just know that
there are hundreds
of gold mines in South Africa.
And all the gold that they
ship out once a week is gone.
We don't know where it's
gone and what happens to it.
>> The ancient cuneiform
tablets found in Iraq show that
the Anunnaki has an eternal
obsession with gold.
Many other human cultures also
share this obsession with gold.
The Inca in Peru,
the Aztecs in Mexico,
and many other people from
all over the Earth use
gold in their statues, rituals,
and of course, currency.
Did our obsession with gold
come from the Anunnaki?
Is it possible that
the human race is still
mining gold for the Anunnaki?
>> Abso-bloody-lutely, yes.
Nothing has changed.
Just because we're
6,000 years down
the road, or 4,000
years down the road,
well, we think it's a long time.
It's nothing.
It's a drop in the ocean in
the infinite pond of time.
And the very long
periods of time
that the Anunnaki
seem to have existed,
or exist, or live, hundreds
of thousands, if not millions
of years that they live for,
until they probably choose
to expire, especially if they
are who I'm now beginning
to think they are,
multidimensional beings that
can traverse time,
space, dimensions,
and that they use this realm,
this world that we think
is our world, is
actually their world.
It's not our world.
We're the slaves that were
created in their world.
So we need to readjust our
thinking completely and also
readjust our way of interpreting
the nature of our reality,
which is very different from
what most people think it is.
It is not what we think it is.
So I believe that the Anunnaki
is still taking the gold
off this planet.
How and where they're
doing this, I don't know.
But there's certainly no
accounting for the gold
that we mine.
And we mine more and
more gold every month.
If people think that the gold
industry is on the decline
because we are
running out of it,
you are completely mistaken.
There are new gold mines opening
in South Africa every year.
They're mining us into oblivion.
>> As soon as gold was
discovered in South Africa,
the British army
attacked the country,
which was made up mostly of
farmers and tribes people.
The war, now called
the South African War,
was one of the
bloodiest in history.
>> The war that the British
launched in South Africa
that's now-- it was previously
referred to as the Anglo-Boer
War.
"Boer" means "farmer."
But it wasn't just the
farmers fighting the British.
It was also Africans, the
Zulu Tribe, the Suthu Tribe,
and so forth.
Some of them were fighting
on the side of the British
because they were being paid.
Again, shows you what
money does to people.
They betray their own kind.
But a lot of the
Africans were fighting
on the side of the Boers
against the British occupation.
So it was about 60,000 Boer
farmers and another 60,000
or 80,000 African
soldiers, or impis,
or warriors that were
fighting against the British.
And many people in
the west are not
aware of this, that
the South African
War, which it's now called, from
1899 to 1902, remains, today--
pro-rata, what the pound was
worth in those days, obviously.
It remains the
most expensive war
that the British empire
has ever launched.
That's an incredible
realization to come to.
And in 1899, they launched
this war with 470,000 soldiers
that they sent down to
the southern tip of Africa
to fight a bunch of
farmers on horseback
and a bunch of Zulu impis.
Now, it's incredible.
Why would you want to send
down such an incredible power
force, supported by--
remember, there
were no aeroplanes.
So we're talking about ships.
We're talking about
horses, the cavalry.
Talking about the guns, the
cannons, the kitchen staff,
the hospitals that
had to accompany them.
We're talking about more than
half a million people that
were shipped down
to South Africa
to fight a bunch of
farmers, for God's sake.
What is so important?
And what was so important
is the gold reserves
that the royal
bloodlines of England--
who rule the world,
incidentally,
if people don't know that.
They pretty much own the
world and rule the world
through their bloodline
heritage to the ancient priest
kings of Sumer.
These bloodlines go
back thousands of years.
They didn't come
here by accident.
They came here about
brutal abuse of humanity,
holding onto their
power, and holding
onto the control of
humanity through all kinds
of devious means, which include
murder, torture, extortion,
thuggery of the highest
imaginable atrocities.
And they invaded southern
Africa to secure the gold
and secure the minerals
of that part of the world.
Because they knew what
lay under the ground.
They knew about
the Anunnaki mines.
the ancient tunnels
that are filled
with processed gold
that very few
people are aware of.
There are thousands of
ancient tunnels between 30
and 50 meters deep that are
still filled with processed,
finished, yellow bars of gold.
And it's that gold that the
British empire is protecting.
>> The question then becomes,
considering where we are today
as humanity, are we
still a slave race?
And it's a little
bit disturbing to me
to see this hybrid
breading going
on that's being reported in
the modern UFO phenomenon.
Then essentially we
see the same process
going that they described
in the old creation stories,
where they're breeding now
a new variation of human.
And it could mean--
I don't say it necessarily does.
It could mean that
modern humanity has maybe
now completed its role,
that if the role was just
to build an
infrastructure for them
to use, which was to do
farming, agriculture, get
a society going, at least get an
infrastructure with buildings,
and electricity going for them
to finally move in and just
take over, then you could
say, in a sense, yeah,
maybe we still are.
And we are nearing
the end of that.
And now, they are starting
to get ready to replace us.
And that's the significance
of this whole hybrid thing.
>> If humans are the
creation of the Anunnaki,
and were created in their image,
what did the Anunnaki look
like?
>> Well, there are
some descriptions.
They definitely seemed
to be larger than us.
They were much bigger than what
we are, possibly three times
or four times bigger,
maybe even larger.
It seems that some Anunnaki
were larger than other Anunnaki,
again.
So it's quite fuzzy.
You know, some of the
elders of the under Anunnaki
may have been really big ones.
And then their offspring may
have been slightly smaller.
Because they already
possibly had mixed DNA.
Who knows?
So there's mixed
signals that we get
from the scriptures
in the Sumerian texts.
But Enki, for
example, is described
as being much bigger than
we are, but also having
the hair the color
of the sun and eyes
the color of the blue sky.
So clearly, he was an
Aryan-like looking dude.
But some researchers will claim
that they were reptilians,
and they were shape
shifters, and they
had the ability to shape
between dimensions,
and appeared to us
in different forms.
So it becomes very difficult
to answer the question,
what did the Anunnaki look like?
And anyone that claims they know
what they look like, I think,
has allowed the ego to
overtake their knowledge pool.
>> Yeah, the same gods that
were also the ones that you find
in ancient India,
and depicted there,
they had same high-tech
weaponry, for example.
If you look at some of
the Mesopotamian texts,
for example, the god Erra.
He was the god of war.
He's the one who fomented
war amongst humans.
He's the one who
directly got involved
in shooting high-power weapons
at humans on the ground.
And the descriptions
of those weapons
are similar to the
weapons that were
fired by the gods of India.
So you have to conclude, if you
have these two high-tech powers
over that little--
I mean, Mesopotamia is
not that far from India.
So they would
undoubtedly have to have
been the same pantheon of
gods, the same administrators,
I call them.
And the weapons were
not necessarily nuclear.
They could have been.
But I think the
point needs to be
made that you can have
high-heat, high-tech weapons
that are incredibly
powerful that
are not necessarily nuclear.
So some skeptics
say, well, you know,
some aspects of those
weapons don't sound nuclear.
You don't read a description
of the great cloud,
the nuclear mushroom
cloud, for example.
All you read is this very
high-heat just devastating
everything in a single blast.
Yeah, that's a high-tech weapon.
>> The scriptures of the
Sumerians are encoded with
critical sacred geometric
numbers that are keys to deeper
levels of knowledge and
information about our world,
about our solar system,
about our cosmos.
And the nature of that
reality, by the way-- which
has been changing
rapidly in my own mind
as I do more research
about where we live,
what our world really looks
like, and what our cosmos looks
like around us.
And again, I'm
reaching the conclusion
that it's not what we
think and not what we're
being shown by our authorities.
>> Myths from the past
seem to be saying that
the extraterrestrials
we're dealing with are,
for the most part, benevolent
toward the human race.
Are there any
incidents from the past
that would show us that this
idea may not always be true?
>> The most disturbing thing
I came across when I did
my research into the whole
subject of the gods of Eden
were the reports of
bright lights appearing,
spraying gases, gases
appearing in the streets--
they call them mists--
that were visible.
And as soon as they passed
through the streets,
people would come
down with the plague.
These weird figures
and black appearing
on the outskirts of villages
with these long instruments.
They used to think
they were scythes.
That's what they called them.
And they'd wave them around.
And all of a sudden, the plague
would break out in those areas.
That was not in any UFO book I'd
ever seen up until that time.
And it just so disturbed me.
But when I came across that,
and it was so consistent,
I just felt like I just
couldn't withhold this.
Because I knew what
was going to happen.
I was going to
put this book back
on the shelf at
the library where
I found it, a book that-- it
was just on the Black Death.
This was not a conspiracy book.
It was not a UFO book.
It was just-- just people,
what people were reporting,
and the omens they
said were happening.
And I knew if I put that
book up on the shelf
without ever publishing them,
it may never come to light.
Maybe eventually it would.
So I felt I had a duty at
least to point that out.
Now that doesn't mean
that every outbreak
of the plague in every
place was caused by that.
Because the plague
was contagious.
So it also did--
like modern biological weapons.
Modern biological
weapons are in canisters.
They're on aerosols,
which people in those days
called mists.
Sometimes the
aerosols are visible.
And they're sprayed.
But then, once a
population is sprayed,
then you can count on the plague
then righting its own course
for a while.
It'll just spread because
it is a contagious disease.
So, no, not every
outbreak of the Black
Death was caused by a spraying.
But they reported that the
spraying was the start of it.
And that shows exactly how a
bioweapon today would work.
And then they used
the contagion.
And then, when it starts to die
down, well, the spray again.
You get more reports then.
>> I believe, I have
deep spiritual feelings,
probably the best description,
that the Anunnaki realize--
that the higher, the senior
members of the Anunnaki family,
whatever that family
may be, Enki, Enlil,
and those in that kind of
bracket of the Anunnaki--
realize that they've screwed up.
Maybe not
intentionally, but they
realize that they've
created a platform which
could be abused by the beings
of lower consciousness.
And that's exactly
what happened.
So whatever the situation that
they created on this planet,
in this world of ours, was
abused or was open to abuse
by other beings of
lower consciousness.
And I think that's
what happened.
Now, the Anunnaki realize that
their actions have actually
backfired on them and is
affecting their own survival
because of the whole Prime
Directive principle, right?
Do not mess with a species
and they consciousness,
evolution of consciousness.
You need to allow them
to evolve consciously
so that they can
grow and reunite
with source, or the source
code, and realize that we are
one with everything in creation,
and become gods ourselves
again.
Anunnaki created the
opportunity for other beings
to invade and stop that process.
So that has affected their level
of evolution of consciousness
and started, possibly, an inward
spiral of decay and destruction
within the Anunnaki
breed or species.
Because, if you breach
the Prime Directive,
as "Star Trek" has showed
us for so many decades now,
you start and begin the
process of your own demise.
And I think that's what's
happening to the Anunnaki.
And they realize, if they
don't come back here and fix
the mistakes, or repair
and help humanity
to stop the decay and
abuse of the human race,
they're going to continue
decaying and devolving
until they all disappear.
And they basically
get recycled into
the great creative process.
The Anunnaki are here
kicking butt and getting rid
of all the dark and negative
entities that have infiltrated
and invaded our space,
invaded our bodies,
overtaken humans, and
turned them into beasts,
and turned some
people on this planet
into evil entities
that are completely
undermining the human spirit
of creativity and creation.
Because that's what,
ultimately, humans want to do.
All we want to do is
create, be creative,
and contribute to our
fellow brothers and sisters.
So I believe the Anunnaki
are back and doing everything
they can from a position of
never being physically visible.
Because that would just scare
the [BLEEPED] out of people.
You can just imagine!
So they're doing it from
a realm just outside
of our visible
perspective, helping
us to channel us
the right direction,
and clearing the space of
all the dark entities that
have made our life and our
world so bloody miserable.
>> Once the human race as a
whole realizes that it is not
alone in the universe, we can
then take our place amongst
the many species and groups
that occupy the galaxies.
Perhaps we have to begin
repairing the damage done
to our planet, stop
fighting one another,
and begin to understand
who we really are,
and what we can
accomplish if we desire.
Perhaps, if we start there, then
an extraterrestrial presence
will make itself known to all.
Stay tuned next week as we
examine the alien origins
of gnosticism.